[lambda][flare] Add lambda flare documentation (#968)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/lambda/README.md

    }
}
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: This is misleading, since users might think that this is `Troubleshooting` for the `datadog-ci lambda` commands.

Author: I agree, do you have any better suggestions?
Maybe something like 'Getting Support for Datadog Monitoring'?

### `flare`
To troubleshoot issues you may be encountering with Datadog monitoring on your Lambda functions, use `datadog-ci lambda flare`. This command sends relevant files to Datadog's support team for investigation.

> Note: This command works whether or not your Lambda functions were instrumented using `datadog-ci lambda instrument`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: This command works whether or not your Lambda functions were instrumented using `datadog-ci lambda instrument`.
```

Author: Done

```bash
# Collect and send files to Datadog support for a single function
datadog-ci lambda flare -f <function-name> -r us-east-1 -c <case-id> -e <email-on-case-id>

# Include recent CloudWatch logs
datadog-ci lambda flare -f <function-name> -r us-east-1 -c <case-id> -e <email-on-case-id> --with-logs

> # Dry run -- collect files, but don't send them to Datadog support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dry run -- collect data, but don't send to Datadog support
```

datadog-ci lambda flare -f <function-name> -r us-east-1 -c <case-id> -e <email-on-case-id> --dry
```

| Argument      | Shorthand | Description                                                                                                         | Default |
|---------------|------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |
| `--function`  | `-f` | The ARN of the Lambda function to gather data for, or the name of the Lambda function (`--region` must be defined). | |

> | `--region`    | `-r` | The default region to use when `--function` is defined by name and not by ARN.                                      | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--region`    | `-r` | Default region to use, when `--function` is specified by the function name instead of the ARN. | |
```

| `--case-id`   | `-c` | The Datadog case ID to send the files to.                                                                           | |
| `--email`     | `-e` | The email associated with the specified case ID.                                                                    | |

> | `--with-logs` |      | Collect recent CloudWatch logs for the specified function.                                                          | |

Reviewer: Missing default for `--with-logs`

Author: Added!

> | `--dry`       | `-d` | Collect files without sending them to Datadog support.                                                              | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--dry`       | `-d` | Preview collected data which would be sent to Datadog support.                                                              | `false` |
```
Or something around those lines, I'm not sure about `which would be sent`, maybe a better wording. I'd ask for Docs suggestion.

    }
}
```

> ## Troubleshooting Datadog Lambda Monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot Serverless Monitoring
```
Maybe?
Since https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/troubleshooting/
Maybe asking PMs or Support Team would be better.

    }
}
```

## Troubleshooting Serverless Monitoring
### `flare`

To troubleshoot issues you may be encountering with Datadog monitoring on your Lambda functions, use `datadog-ci lambda flare`. This command collects important data about a Lambda function, such as environment variables and the config file. These files will be submitted to Datadog support via a ticket matching the provided Zendesk case ID.

**Note**: This command works whether or not your Lambda functions were instrumented using `datadog-ci lambda instrument`.

> **Requirements**

Author: Yes, I was under the impression we were trying to keep this section entirely independent of the instrument/uninstrument sections. Do you think the requirements section be removed?

> **Requirements**

Reviewer: Yes, this entire section is just for that command. Nonetheless, this public docs have their own section for configuration of the CLI, which is independent of the commands.

Well, why would it be expected to run in the root directory? There is currently no released functionality that requires this specification.
